Add PR template, closes #6 (#8)
csz-academy/csz.academy: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/new_post.md

This PR adds a new post:

# Content

<!-- Short abstract/description of the post -->

# Checklist

>  1. [ ] No external resources (Check `README.md` how to add assets)

Reviewer: I don't like this. We could argue that custom screenshots are not uploaded and linked to e.g. imgur, instead put them into the assets folder. But a general restriction could be related to a loss in post quality, since it refrains from using external well-cited content.

Author: Okay, resources might be the wrong wording, as I originally wanted to express that no external assets shall be used.

I did not mean resources in the sense of references (see 2nd point in checklist).

Reviewer: Me aswell. Take an example:

>I want to write a post 
>There's a really good illustrations on the web
 >The illustration license does not allow distribution
>however, I am allowed to cite it

Because of the restriction I cannot use this illustration for my post. I need to drop it out or create an equivalent by myself.

Reviewer: What about the following
```suggestion
 1. [ ] Every created and owned resource is located as an asset next to the post (Check `README.md` how to add assets). External resources are kept to a minimum
 2. [ ] Every external resource is properly cited
```

Author: The change is fine for me, but I am really unsure whether including an asset under a license where redistribution is not allowed is legal at all, eben when just including the original image.

Reviewer: Should be covered by [§ 51 UrhG](https://dejure.org/gesetze/UrhG/51.html) and Fair Use

Author: Not a lawyer, but in that cases it's fine for me. I'll still prefer to do my on graphics, just to be sure, but in that case it's just a personal decision.

 2. [ ] References and citations are correct

>  3. [ ] Commits `squash`ed, so that the post is contained within one commit

Author: I think this entry here needs a bit more consideration, would love to hear other opinions. IMHO it makes sense to have the commits that add new posts `squash`ed, as it prevents a completely cluttered git history.

Reviewer: Totally agree. Could be done during merge aswell

Reviewer 2: Let's do it on merge if it's not done by the PR creator.
